👌 IMPROVE: MarkdownIt config and documentation (#136)
executablebooks/markdown-it-py: docs/using.md

The `MarkdownIt` class is instantiated with parsing configuration options,
dictating the syntax rules and additional options for the parser and renderer.
You can define this configuration *via* directly supplying a dictionary or a preset name:

- `zero`: This configures the minimum components to parse text (i.e. just paragraphs and text)
- `commonmark` (default): This configures the parser to strictly comply with the [CommonMark specification](http://spec.commonmark.org/).
- `js-default`: This is the default in the JavaScript version.
  Compared to `commonmark`, it disables HTML parsing and enables the table and strikethrough components.
- `gfm-like`: This configures the parser to approximately comply with the [GitHub Flavored Markdown specification](https://github.github.com/gfm/).

>   Compared to `commonmark`, it disables HTML parsing and enables the table, strikethrough and linkify components.

Reviewer: Should we add `mdit_py_plugins.tasklists` to this preset? That would make it pretty much GFM spec complete I think.

Reviewer: I'd almost go as far as calling the preset just `gfm` instead of `gfm-like` then. What do you think?

Author: > Should we add mdit_py_plugins.tasklists to this preset?

No; because (a) the presets do not allow you to load extensions, and anyway (b) the point of moving the plugins to mdit_py_plugins is that markdown-it-py will no longer be dependent on them, in v1.0 mdit_py_plugins will be removed from the `install_requires`.
You could of course add a convenience function(s) in mdit_py_plugins to return a parser setup for full GFM compliance 😄 

> I'd maybe go as far as calling the preset just gfm instead of gfm-like then. What do you think?

No; because then I bet we will have issues opened that "the `gfm` preset behaves differently to when I use Markdown in GitHub". In fact, even with task lists, we are still missing one extension, which is the `tagfilter` extension for raw HTML: https://github.github.com/gfm/#disallowed-raw-html-extension- (currently HTML is just turned off)

On a side note, the good thing with CommonMark, and why I like it as the default, is that there is a comprehensive test suite (https://spec.commonmark.org/) that we test against (tests/test_cmark_spec/commonmark.json) and so can "guarantee" compliance. GFM says it builds in this spec, but the examples given for the extensions in https://github.github.com/gfm are not particularly extensive.

Reviewer: I think I'd also enable HTML here, since most HTML is allowed in GFM, just a small subset of tags is disallowed. In fact, "commonmark" could be a better base preset for "gfm-like", as it'd be easy to compare/verify the changes against the annotated parts of the GFM spec.

Author: done in bc3a2efae6660a1a27ff28b540d6a7ee2bd7c430

md.renderInline("__*emphasise this*__")
```

### Typographic components

The `smartquotes` and `replacements` components are intended to improve typography:

`smartquotes` will convert basic quote marks to their opening and closing variants:

- 'single quotes' -> ‘single quotes’
- "double quotes" -> “double quotes”

`replacements` will replace particular text constructs:

- ``(c)``, ``(C)`` → ©
- ``(tm)``, ``(TM)`` → ™
- ``(r)``, ``(R)`` → ®
- ``(p)``, ``(P)`` → §
- ``+-`` → ±
- ``...`` → …
- ``?....`` → ?..
- ``!....`` → !..
- ``????????`` → ???
- ``!!!!!`` → !!!
- ``,,,`` → ,
- ``--`` → &ndash
- ``---`` → &mdash

Both of these components require typography to be turned on, as well as the components enabled:

```{code-cell}
md = MarkdownIt("commonmark", {"typographer": True})
md.enable(["replacements", "smartquotes"])
md.render("'single quotes' (c)")
```

### Linkify

The `linkify` component requires that [linkify-it-py](https://github.com/tsutsu3/linkify-it-py) be installed (e.g. *via* `pip install markdown-it-py[linkify]`).

> This allows URL links to be identified, without the need for enclosing in `<>` brackets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows URI autolinks to be identified, without the need for enclosing in `<>` brackets:
```

I would explicitly mention autolink here, as normal links work just fine without the brackets even without linkify.

Token.from_dict(tokens[1].as_dict())
```

### Creating a syntax tree

```{versionchanged} 0.7.0
`nest_tokens` and `NestedTokens` are deprecated and replaced by `SyntaxTreeNode`.
```

In some use cases it may be useful to convert the token stream into a syntax tree,
with opening/closing tokens collapsed into a single token that contains children.

```{code-cell}
from markdown_it.tree import SyntaxTreeNode

md = MarkdownIt("commonmark")
tokens = md.parse("""
# Header

Here's some text and an image ![title](image.png)

1. a **list**

> a *quote*
""")

> node = SyntaxTreeNode.from_tokens(tokens)

Reviewer: Just a heads-up, I made a PR (https://github.com/executablebooks/markdown-it-py/pull/132) which would change this syntax to `node = SyntaxTreeNode(tokens)` so if we merge that then one of the PRs needs to adapt depending on merge order.

Author: I'll have a look
